Time recurrence matching library

Uses iCalendar (RFC 2445) format for input parameters.

One can use this aplication to match complex time recurences like:
time between 18:00 and 20:00 in the second day to the end of month in
April, May and July, every second year since the beginning (dtstart)
of the recurrence.

The help message:

version: tmrec 0.1.0 (i386/Linux)
Usage: tmrec [options]
Options:
    --rfile file
     -f file          File with recurence definitions
    --stime time
     -s time          Time to check, given as timestamp
    --time time
     -t time          Time to check, given as RFC 2445 DATE-TIME
    --dtstart <val>   Start of interval (RFC 2445 DATE-TIME)
    --dtend <val>     End of interval (RFC 2445 DATE-TIME)
    --duration <val>  Length of interval (RFC 2445 DURATION)
    --until <val>     Bound of recurrence (RFC 2445 DATE-TIME)
    --freq <val>      Frequency of recurrence ("daily","weekly", 
                      "monthly", or "yearly")
    --interval <val>  How often the recurrence repeats
    --byday <val>     List of days of the week
    --bymday <val>    List of days of the month
    --byyday <val>    List of days of the year
    --bymonth <val>   List of months of the year
    --byweekno <val>  List of weeks of the year
    --version
     -v               Version number
    --help
     -h               This help message


Description of parameters
(roughly from IETF CPL draft from where I took the format of time recurrence)

The "dtstart" and "dtend" parameters are formatted as iCalendar COS DATE-TIME
values, as specified in Section 4.3.5 of RFC 2445. For example:
20040101T123000.

The "duration" parameter is given as an iCalendar COS DURATION parameter, as
specified in section 4.3.6 of RFC 2445. Both the DATE-TIME and the DURATION
syntaxes are subsets of the corresponding syntaxes from ISO 8601. For
example:  PT10H (ten hours). For a recurring interval, the "duration"
parameter MUST be small enough such that subsequent intervals do not overlap.
For non-recurring intervals, durations of any positive length are permitted.
Zero-length and negative-length durations are not allowed.

A recurrence is specified by including the "freq" parameter, which indicates
the type of recurrence rule. Parameters other than "dtstart", "dtend", and
"duration" SHOULD NOT be specified unless "freq" is present.

The "interval" parameter contains a positive integer representing how
often the recurrence rule repeats. The default value is "1", meaning
every second for a "secondly" rule, every minute for a "minutely"
rule, every hour for an "hourly" rule, every day for a "daily" rule,
every week for a "weekly" rule, every month for a "monthly" rule and
every year for a "yearly" rule.

The "until" parameter defines an iCalendar COS DATE or DATE-TIME
value which bounds the recurrence rule in an inclusive manner. If the
value specified by "until" is synchronized with the specified
recurrence, this date or date-time becomes the last instance of the recurrence.
   
The "bymonthday" parameter specifies a comma-separated list of days of the
month. Valid values are 1 to 31 or -31 to -1. For example, -10 represents the
tenth to the last day of the month.

The "byday" parameter specifies a comma-separated list of days of the week.
"MO" indicates Monday; "TU" indicates Tuesday; "WE" indicates Wednesday; "TH"
indicates Thursday; "FR" indicates Friday; "SA" indicates Saturday; "SU"
indicates Sunday. These values are not case-sensitive. Each "byday" value can
also be preceded by a positive (+n) or negative (-n) integer. If present, this
indicates the nth occurrence of the specific day within the "monthly" or
"yearly" recurrence. For example, within a "monthly" rule, +1MO (or simply
1MO) represents the first Monday within the month, whereas -1MO represents the
last Monday of the month. If an integer modifier is not present, it means
all days of this type within the specified frequency. For example, within a
"monthly" rule, MO represents all Mondays within the month.

The "byyearday" parameter specifies a comma-separated list of days of the
year. Valid values are 1 to 366 or -366 to -1. For example, -1 represents the
last day of the year (December 31st) and -306 represents the 306th to the
last day of the year (March 1st).
   
The "bymonth" parameter specifies a comma-separated list of months of the
year. Valid values are 1 to 12.

The "byweekno" parameter specifies a comma-separated list of ordinals
specifying weeks of the year. Valid values are 1 to 53 or -53 to -1. This
corresponds to weeks according to week numbering as defined in ISO 8601.

